# CS-250
## How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User stories are important to the process of interpreting user needs and implementing them into a program as they help organize the important information we need. User stories organize the tasks we want to perform and the goals we want to achieve by doing them. We also assign user stories a size and a priority that help us plan out our approach to the program as a whole depending on what is most important.
## How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I think that I have been using parts of the agile process in my development work already as I do not like to wait till the very end of a project to start testing it. The main benefit of agile is being able to change the plan as you go as you get more information and I hope to keep that flexibility and iterative nature as I work on future projects. I also found it helpful to create test cases as it made it easier to see the requirements for smaller parts of the whole goal at a time.
## What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
I think that being a good team member in software development is very similar to being a good team member in other fields as it requires a certain level of flexability, understanding, and communication. All three of these are important to any team setting but they become even more important when working on a piece of software as you need everything to work together in the end and not break other existing and working parts.
